
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="fixing_common_issues">Fixing Common Issues</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
As Project Zomboid is still an early access title, errors and bugs can often become a part of life when playing. This is further compounded by the installation of mods from separate creators who all have different development styles and preferred update schedules. We try our absolute best to keep the server online and running error-free, but sometimes you may run into problems requiring a bit of troubleshooting. 
</p>

<p>
If you&#039;re having issues joining or playing on the server, refer to this page. Use the navigation pane nearby to quickly browse to relevant information if needed.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Fixing Common Issues&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;fixing_common_issues&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-617&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="connection_and_modpack_issues">Connection and Modpack Issues</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Running into problems? Check this section out.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Connection and Modpack Issues&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;connection_and_modpack_issues&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;618-708&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="cannot_connect_server_doesn_t_appear_in_browser">Cannot connect/server doesn&#039;t appear in browser!</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Our server is private and will never appear in the public server list. You&#039;ll need to visit our <a href="/wiki/project_zomboid:connection_guide" class="wikilink1" title="project_zomboid:connection_guide" data-wiki-id="project_zomboid:connection_guide">Connection Guide</a> for information on how to connect!
</p>

<p>
If you&#039;ve been whitelisted by an admin and are sure you&#039;re entering our connection details correctly, follow these steps to troubleshoot network issues:
<a href="/wiki/file:joinourserver.png" class="wikilink2" title="file:joinourserver.png" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="file:joinourserver.png">thumb|How your server connection should look</a>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Check out #server_updates and the #support channel on our Discord to see if downtime was planned or if others have reported issues.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Double-check your connection settings are correct, refer to the example nearby.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Refresh the in-game server browser and try restarting your game.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If all this fails, report the issue in #support so that admins can take a look. If the issue proves to be client-side, you may be asked to restart your PC and/or router or inspect firewall settings.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Cannot connect\/server doesn&#039;t appear in browser!&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;cannot_connect_server_doesn_t_appear_in_browser&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;709-1673&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="file_doesn_t_match_the_one_on_the_server_file_doesn_t_exist_on_the_server">File doesn&#039;t match the one on the server / File doesn&#039;t exist on the server</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
<a href="/wiki/file:filemismatcherror.png" class="wikilink2" title="file:filemismatcherror.png" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="file:filemismatcherror.png">frameless|431x431px</a>
</p>

<p>
Sometimes the Steam Workshop forgets to play nice with Zomboid mods, or there are conflicts between our mods and ones installed on your machine and you&#039;ll be left with the error above. 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Unsubscribe from all Project Zomboid mods on the workshop.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Delete the <code>108600</code> folder. Default location: <code>C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\workshop\content\</code></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Delete the <code>appworkshop_108600.acf</code> file. Default location is under <pre class="code">C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\workshop</pre>

<p>
.
</p>
</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Rejoin the server normally and allow the game to download our mods.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If this doesn&#039;t work, try steps 1-3 again and then verify local file integrity in Steam. <a href="https://help.steampowered.com/en/faqs/view/0C48-FCBD-DA71-93EB" class="urlextern" title="https://help.steampowered.com/en/faqs/view/0C48-FCBD-DA71-93EB" rel="ugc nofollow">Article here on how to do that.</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;File doesn&#039;t match the one on the server \/ File doesn&#039;t exist on the server&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;file_doesn_t_match_the_one_on_the_server_file_doesn_t_exist_on_the_server&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1674-2575&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="failed_to_established_p2p_connection_with_the_server">Failed to established P2P connection with the server</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Very occasionally you may run into connection issues with the server. If there are no mentions of an issue in 
</p>
<pre class="code">#server_updates</pre>

<p>
 or a related thread in the 
</p>
<pre class="code">#support</pre>

<p>
 channel, follow these steps:
</p>

<p>
# Refresh the server browser and try to join again. 
# If refreshing doesn&#039;t work, try closing and reopening Project Zomboid.
# Open either cmd or PowerShell and run the command ``/ipconfig flushdns`` once to flush your PC&#039;s <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> cache.
# Double check your internet connection and restart your modem/router and PC.
#If you&#039;ve tried the steps above, make a thread in the 
</p>
<pre class="code">#support</pre>

<p>
 channel and wait for an admin to assist.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Failed to established P2P connection with the server&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;failed_to_established_p2p_connection_with_the_server&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:1,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2576-3290&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit6" id="gameplay_quirks">Gameplay Quirks</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
If you&#039;ve connected successfully but are having an issue in-game check this section out.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Gameplay Quirks&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;gameplay_quirks&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:4,&quot;secid&quot;:6,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3291-3408&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="crafting_menu_is_blank_or_incorrect">Crafting Menu is blank or incorrect</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Press the 
</p>
<pre class="code">0</pre>

<p>
 key to refresh your Crafting Menu. We have a mod that stops the Crafting Menu from automatically updating, relying on a cache to save performance. 
</p>

<p>
<code>&#039;You&#039;ll need to refresh</code>&#039; any time you add new items to your inventory or stand near containers which have items you&#039;re using for crafting. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Crafting Menu is blank or incorrect&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;crafting_menu_is_blank_or_incorrect&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:4,&quot;secid&quot;:7,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3409-3774&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit8" id="dolly_forklift_etc_stuck_in_trunk">Dolly/Forklift/Etc. Stuck in Trunk</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Due to a bug in Hydrocraft, items like dollies and forklifts cannot be removed from trunks once they are placed there. You can reach out to #support to have an admin fix it. This may take time, so remember to be patient. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Dolly\/Forklift\/Etc. Stuck in Trunk&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;dolly_forklift_etc_stuck_in_trunk&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:5,&quot;secid&quot;:8,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3775-4043&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit9" id="lights_are_off_in_my_base">Lights are off in my base</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Very occasionally certain items like the can turn off after a restart. This is due to the way PZ works and there isn&#039;t really a way to fix it. It&#039;s thankfully rare after a number of updates and easy to fix, just flip the switch or right-click on a lamp to turn it back on.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Lights are off in my base&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;lights_are_off_in_my_base&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:5,&quot;secid&quot;:9,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;4044-4354&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit10" id="zombie_is_stuck_in_wall">Zombie is stuck in wall</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Sometimes zombies will spawn trapped in areas that are not physically reachable without a sledgehammer.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Zombie is stuck in wall&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;zombie_is_stuck_in_wall&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:5,&quot;secid&quot;:10,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;4355-4494&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit11" id="other_important_articles">Other Important Articles</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/wiki/project_zomboid:faq_and_common_controls" class="wikilink2" title="project_zomboid:faq_and_common_controls" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="project_zomboid:faq_and_common_controls">FAQ and Common Controls</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/wiki/project_zomboid:rules_and_guidelines" class="wikilink2" title="project_zomboid:rules_and_guidelines" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="project_zomboid:rules_and_guidelines">Rules and Guidelines</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/wiki/category:server_info" class="wikilink2" title="category:server_info" rel="nofollow" data-wiki-id="category:server_info">Server Info</a></div>
</li>
</ul>
<div class="tags"><span>
	<a href="/wiki/tag:project_zomboid" class="wikilink1 tag label label-default mx-1" title="tag:project_zomboid" rel="tag"><span class="iconify"  data-icon="mdi:tag-text-outline"></span> Project Zomboid</a>
</span></div>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Other Important Articles&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;other_important_articles&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:5,&quot;secid&quot;:11,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;4495-&quot;} -->