
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="community_rules">Community Rules</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our community rules before joining!
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>18+ required.</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Discord membership required</strong>  to play!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <em class="u"><strong>Don&#039;t be an ass.</strong></em>  We are here to have fun after all! Along those lines:</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Hate speech is strictly prohibited.</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>No spam.</strong>  This includes both mic &amp; chat spam. Links are permitted, but advertisements are not.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>No NSFL/gore or offensive imagery.</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Cheats are not allowed in game.</strong>  This includes bugs/exploits. Bring them to admin attention by creating a thread in <code>#📗help_me</code>  so we can fix it.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Do not post illegal information in any shape or form.</strong>  This includes leaked intelligence and state secrets.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Please keep your voice chat concise!</strong>  It can be hard to hear over one another in populated channels.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>No griefing.</strong>  No exceptions.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>No political nonsense.</strong>  Civil discussion on most topics is encouraged but we ask that members refrain from sensationalism.</div>
</li>
</ol>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;plugin_wrap_start&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;0-&quot;} --><div class="wrap_round wrap_info wrap__dark plugin_wrap">
<p>
Any action(s) taken will be at admin&#039;s discretion.
</p>
</div><!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;plugin_wrap_end&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;0-&quot;} --><!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;plugin_wrap_start&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;0-&quot;} --><div class="wrap_round wrap_help wrap__dark plugin_wrap">
<p>
If you have any issues or questions, or notice a player breaking our server rules, let us know in <code>#📗help_me</code>  by tagging an admin, or send a staff member a DM.
</p>
</div><!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;plugin_wrap_end&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;0-&quot;} -->
</div>
